this portion of our CES coverage is
brought to you by LastPass check out the
link in the video description to start
securing your passwords today we are
here at Delaware they're showing off the
new XPS 13 and naming scheme aside it
looks pretty darn impressive the first
thing we noticed about it is that it is
way smaller they actually removed 24% of
the overall volume and they did all of
that while making some pretty impressive
upgrades so the bezels are even thinner
it weighs even less at only about 1.2
kilograms and it packs eighty percent
ball Paw Paw bonds so it's got an eighth
gen up to Core i7 processor and due to
Dells unique cooling approach they are
actually claiming that they're going to
be able to turbo this bad boy up higher
and for a longer and they're able to do
this thanks to the dual heat pipe dual
fan cooling solution that's capable of
dissipating up to twenty-seven watts
that they've packed in here
they've added their insulation to the
bottom and the top to keep too much of
that heat from being passed to the user
and there are a bunch of other creature
comforts as well ships with up to a 4k
HDR touchscreen display with full
coverage of Adobe RGB the IO is a pretty
solid mix with a three-and-a-half
millimeter Jack USB 3 a micro SD and
dual Thunderbolt included Windows hello
with an IR emitter for face detection is
included and even better than just being
included it's no longer at the bottom
left so they're just tied for the worst
placement of their webcam instead of
being actually the absolute worst and
they are claiming up to 19 hours of
battery life on this puppy
what's more the white version they say
is smudge resistant they wouldn't let us
actually put permanent marker on it but
they say that a lot of things should be
able to just wipe right off like the
rest of Dell's 2018 lineup it includes
Dells Mobile Connect software which
allows you whether it's Android or iOS
to take calls answer
messages and on Android even use apps
just on an application on your desktop
wirelessly and they are expecting it to
be available sometime in March so thanks
to LastPass you're sponsoring this video
LastPass is a key part of the way that
we manage our credentials and
information for events like CES the last
thing you want to be doing in the middle
of the night when you're trying to get
an upload up is calling someone else who
may actually be sleeping to try to get a
password or trying to do a password
reset when then maybe you're on a new
device because sometimes we use
unfamiliar laptops that are you know
more editing capable when we're doing
trips like this you're not logged into
anything
LastPass takes care of all of that it
allows you to manage your password
safely and securely with a one strong
password and optional two-factor
authentication so you never have to
reuse a password again and it even
allows you to easily share with other
people so if that sounds good to you
whether you're looking at the premium
option for personally is the team's
option for small business or the
enterprise option for large business
check it out today we're gonna have that
linked in the video description so
thanks for watching guys you just like
this video you can hit that button if
you liked it hit like get subscribed so
you don't miss any of our CES 2018
content and yes pretty much all I got to
say this is a sleek little machine it's
too bad about that webcam placement